Yah here is an exercise program for multiplication of to matrices.
So in this program you have to take out two dimensional array for each metrics and you have to take
two matrices and multiply them.
So for multiplication of matrices you should know what is the formula for multiplying the matrices
you should find that formula.
Here I will run the program and show you what should be the input and output of a program and even a program
file is given in the form of PDF in resource.
So if you're facing any difficulty you can check the program.
I have a program for matrix multiplication I will run the program and show you how the program should
run. See First it is asking the number of rows and columns for first matrix.
I'll give the dimensions as 2 and 2 that is 2x2  matrix.
Then the second Matrix is also two by two.
So the first matrix elements I'll give it as three and three that is first row and three and three
that is second row.
Now for the second matix I will giveit as 1 0 and 0 1 this is a identity matrix if I give identity matrix
I should get the same result that this 3 3 3, yah i got the answer 3 3 3 3.
So this is working and if I read rerun and show you
I'll give the first matrix dimensions as 2 x 3.
And the second matixs dimension also two x three matrices cannot be multiplied because the
number of columns of first matrix should be equal the number of rows of second matrix,  if i run this.
Then I got an error message that columns of the first Matrix is not equal  rows of second matix.
So that's how the program should verify whether the matrices can be multiplied or not.
So the matrices can be multiplied if the number of columns of first matrix is equal to the number of rows
of second matrix.
And if the valid dimension are given and then it should take the elements and multiply them.
So if I am giving the elements as 2 and 2.
So all elements has two then for the second matix.
I'll give it as a unity identity matrix that is 1 0 and 0 1.
So I've got the same matrix as first matrix.
So the answer is all twos.
So this is how your program should work.
Right.
Take the dimensions of two matrices and take the elements and then multiply them.
So here more focus is on the writing nested for loops and taking two dimensional arrays.
So try this program already i  have shown you addition and subtraction of matrices.
So based on that just you have to know which is the formula for multiplying two matrices.
So find  out the formula.
write
The problem in case of any difficulty you can check the pdf file.